Add more docs (#70)
huggingface/optimum-habana: docs/source/trainer.mdx

<!---
Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# GaudiTrainer

> The [`GaudiTrainer`] class provides an extended API for the feature-complete [Transformers Trainer](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.20.1/en/main_classes/trainer#transformers.Trainer). It's used in most of the [example scripts](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-habana/tree/main/examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`GaudiTrainer`] class provides an extended API for the feature-complete [Transformers Trainer](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.20.1/en/main_classes/trainer#transformers.Trainer). It is used in all the [example scripts](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-habana/tree/main/examples).
```

Maybe you thought about `GaudiSeq2SeqTrainer` when writing "most"?

> Before instantiating your [`GaudiTrainer`], create a [`GaudiTrainingArguments`] to access all the points of customization during training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before instantiating your [`GaudiTrainer`], create a [`GaudiTrainingArguments`] object to access all the points of customization during training.
```

<Tip warning={true}>

> The [`GaudiTrainer`] class is optimized for 🤗 Transformers  models running on Habana Gaudi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`GaudiTrainer`] class is optimized for 🤗 Transformers models running on Habana Gaudi.
```

</Tip>

Here is an example of how to customize [`GaudiTrainer`] to use a weighted loss (useful when you have an unbalanced training set):

```python
from torch import nn

> from transformers import GaudiTrainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from optimum.habana import GaudiTrainer
```
